19. Whats the difference between a for loop and a while loop?

For loops is used to iterate over a sequence, while a while loop is used to repeatedly execute a statement while a condition is true. 

22. what’s the difference between parameters and arguments?

Parameters are the variable in a function definition. It is a placeholder and hence does not have a concrete value. An argument is a value passed during function invocation. 
Arguments fill in the place the parameters have held for them.
25. what’s the difference between a class and an object?

A class is a composite of fields and methods which may be instantiated as objects. A class is what makes the object, where as the object is what is made from a class. Object is the information inside of a class which makes the sketch. 

26. what is a constructor function? What does it do and when?

A Constructor is a special function inside of a class that created the instance of the object itself. It is where you give the instructions on how to set up the object. It is used to create an individual object within the sketch, whenever a new object is created from this class. i.e. Cat blackCat = new Cat();

27. Why should each class have its own tab in processing?

Each class should have its own tab to keep not only the code all organized, but each tab is its own file, so you can easily access and keep the code accessible and easy to fix if there are any bugs. 

31. what’s the difference between an array and an ArrayList?

An array is a list of data
An arrayList is used to store a variable number of objects

32. Why would you want to go through a list backwards, decrementing the index?

instead of copying the original list, it lists itself in reverse making it modify and changes the original list for more uniqueness and difference, as well as making more of a looping action. 

37. when should you use PVectors instead of float variables?

When looking to simplify your code and provide a set of functions for common mathematical operations that happen over and over again while programming motion. It’s more of a convenient way to store two values while also being able to do more mathematical operations with PVectors unlike using float variables.

42. What is a normalized vector, why is it useful?

A normalized vector maintains its direction but its length becomes 1, allowing for easier comparison of vectors and aids in stability. 
